Visit Your Local Library|Libraries often have free workshops and community activities in addition to all the books.
Take A Walk in the Park|Get those steps in!
Go for a Drive|Cruising hasn't gone out of style yet.
Volunteer|Make a deposit to your karma bank and volunteer your time to a cause you care about!
Go for a Hike|Enjoy nature for free!
Board Game Night|Invite some friends over, if you don't have board games yourself see if your friends can bring theirs!
Get Organized|Go through old papers, organize your hard-drive, find a place for all the clutter floating around your house.
Clean Your House|You've been putting it off, but it needs to be done and you've got time to kill. Put on some tunes and get it done!
Host a Potluck|Make something with what you already have in the house, and your friends will bring the rest. When everyone contributes a great meal can be had!
Update Your Bucket List|You might not be able to do it now, but hold on to those dreams sweetheart!
Write a Gratitude List|Take note of the things both big and small that you are grateful for, even when other things might not be going so well. Gratitude is good for you.
Host a Clothing Swap|Be social, get rid of things you don't wear, and probably get some new threads as well. All without spending a dime!
Start a Blog|Write about something you care about and send it out into the internet ocean.
Do Some Yoga|Namaste at home. You don't need to pay a fortune to some boutique yoga shop to get your stretch on. There are tons of yoga videos you can access for free on YouTube and if you don't have a yoga mat you can either use a plain old towel or just go without(it's not required).
Meal Prep|Okay, this isn't technically *free* if you have to go and buy the groceries. BUT, buying in bulk is almost always cheaper overall, cooking at home is almost always healthier, and having meals ready to go is definitely easier on future you.
Draw Something|Even if you don't think you're good at it. You can just throw it away afterwards if you hate it, but maybe you'll make somethingg you like.
Build a Blanket Fort|Indulge your inner child. Or connect with your real and actual child if you have one. Hang out in there and watch cartoons.
Read a Book|You probably have some laying around you've been meaning to read. If you don't, go to your local library and check one out!
Make Your Own Post Cards|Bust out some card stock and your artistic skills(or lack thereof). Mail them off to friends and family.
Write a Short Story|Flex those imagination muscles.
Take a Nap|Can't be bored if you're asleep. Plus you could probably use some beauty rest.